DOCS-879: Address Gantry API changes (#1445)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/gantry/_index.md

### MoveToPosition

> Move the axes of the gantry to the desired positions (mm) at the requested speeds.

Reviewer: speeds are in mm per sec not sure if you want to add that unit as well

// Create a list of positions for the axes of the gantry to move to. Assume in this example that the gantry is multi-axis, with 3 axes.
examplePositions = []float64{1, 2, 3}

exampleSpeeds = []float64{3, 9, 12}

// Move the axes of the gantry to the positions specified.
myGantry.MoveToPosition(context.Background(), examplePositions, exampleSpeeds, nil)
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Home

> Run the homing sequence of the gantry to return to its starting positions and return true once completed.

Author: I honestly wasn't entirely sure what this command does - the description on the SDK docs is this or even less specific... Happy with what you are suggesting

```suggestion
Run the homing sequence of the gantry to re-calibrate the axes with respect to the limit switches.
```
